Reorganize Customer Center section (#662)
RevenueCat/docs: docs/tools/customer-center/customer-center-react-native.mdx

slug: customer-center-react-native
hidden: false
---
## Overview

Customer Center is a self-service UI that can be added to your app to help your customers manage their subscriptions on their own. With it, you can prevent churn with pre-emptive promotional offers, capture actionable customer data with exit feedback prompts, and lower support volumes for common inquiries — all without any help from your support team.

There are only three steps to integrate Customer Center in your app:

> 1. Installing the RevenueCat UI SDK in your app
> 1. Implementing the Customer Center view in your app
> 1. Setting up promotional offers in both App Store Connect and Google Play Console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. Installing the `com.revenuecat.purchases:purchases-ui` SDK in your app
 2. Implementing the Customer Center view in your app
 3. Setting up promotional offers
```
